[Doc] Added `JAVA_HOME` details to breaking changes (#13229)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/breaking-changes.asciidoc

{ls} rejects ambiguous and illegal inputs as standard behavior.
// end::notable-breaking-changes[]

[discrete]
[[bc-java-home]]
===== Removed support for JAVA_HOME
Support for using `JAVA_HOME` to override the path to the JDK that Logstash runs with has been removed for this release.

> In the `8.x` release, users should set the value of `LS_JAVA_HOME` to their preferred JDK path if they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `8.x` release, users should set the value of `LS_JAVA_HOME` to the path of their preferred JDK if they
```

> wish to use something other than the bundled JDK. The value of `JAVA_HOME` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wish to use a version other than the bundled JDK. The value of `JAVA_HOME` will be ignored.
```
